What i want to see: what techniques experienced datapack developers use. More particularly, if they reflect the ones they learn at university/software-related job.

To test this first off I want to create 3 groups. One for people 18 or older that cannot know software techniques which are usually thought in higher level education or in professional environments (G1).
Another for university students (ages 19-23) (G2), and another for people that should have acquired the technical knowledge at this point (24+) (G3). We can say that most of the participants work in the field of cs since 53.6% consider themselves very familiar in the field of CS.

To strengthen the validity of the gathered data, I want to see if the people that said that they released 0 datapacks match with G1. This would imply that the answers from G2 and G3 are more valid, since we know they actually have the practical experience to back their statements. 

Afterwards, I want see the correlation for G2 and G3 between the number of datapacks released and their perceived knowledge in datapack development. Does more experience = more datapacks or the opposite?


I also want to see if there is a correlation between frequency/quantity of comments, and people that work alone vs in teams. 

In terms of project management, I want to see how much G2 and G3 spend on avarage optimizing/refactoring their datapacks, and see if that reflects in their release cycles. More frequent optimizations = more frequent iterative releases?

I want to see if there is a correlation between experience and level of abstraction on their code, where 0 = plain mcfunction, 1 = some scripts to generate repetitive code, and 2 = use of preprocessors.

Although they are few, I want to see if there is a correlation between the people that mostly work for compensation and 
- how much they spend on code quality (maintenance, refactoring...)
- how many datapacks they've released (should be low, since they make them for others)
- how much they comment, since its likely S-type program: once its completed, it doesn't evolve. It's immediately done, used once and never again.